[mlir][Target] Support Fatbin target for static nvptxcompiler (#118044)
llvm/llvm-project: mlir/lib/Target/LLVM/CMakeLists.txt

      set(MLIR_CUDAToolkit_ROOT ${CUDAToolkit_LIBRARY_ROOT})
    endif()

    # Add the `nvptxcompiler` library and the `nvfatbin` library.
    if(MLIR_ENABLE_NVPTXCOMPILER)
      # Find the `nvptxcompiler` library.
      # TODO: Bump the MLIR CMake version to 3.25 and use `CUDA::nvptxcompiler_static`.
      find_library(MLIR_NVPTXCOMPILER_LIB_PATH nvptxcompiler_static
                  PATHS ${CUDAToolkit_LIBRARY_DIR} NO_DEFAULT_PATH)
      find_library(MLIR_NVFATBIN_LIB_PATH nvfatbin_static
                  PATHS ${CUDAToolkit_LIBRARY_DIR} NO_DEFAULT_PATH)

      # Fail if `nvptxcompiler_static` couldn't be found.
      if(MLIR_NVPTXCOMPILER_LIB_PATH STREQUAL "MLIR_NVPTXCOMPILER_LIB_PATH-NOTFOUND")
        message(FATAL_ERROR
                "Requested using the `nvptxcompiler` library backend but it couldn't be found.")
      endif()

      # Fail if `nvfatbin_static` couldn't be found.
      if(MLIR_NVFATBIN_LIB_PATH STREQUAL "MLIR_NVFATBIN_LIB_PATH-NOTFOUND")
        message(FATAL_ERROR

>                 "Requested using the `nvfatbin` library backend but it couldn't be found.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "Requested using the static `nvptxcompiler` library which requires the 'nvfatbin` library, but it couldn't be found.")
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
